Episode 6:
Calories of kisses, calories of love
You've gotten pretty.
You're getting engaged tomorrow,
can you still be here?
Why don't you take my calls?
Chae Ri will kill me if she finds out.
Sorry.
For making you bake our engagement party cake.
Don't be. I'll make sure
I spit on the cake.
I'm fine.
Just make sure other people don't find out.
The rumors about your president is strange.
You still like checking on others?
He looks at women as he looks at trash.
Has a bad temper too.
That's better than being a player.
There are even rumors that
he's not able to do what a "man" is suppose to do.
Don't you worry. He's
fine in that department.
You've slept with him already?
Yes.
Then we're even.
That's good.
What's good about it?
Break off with your boss.
-What?
-You... are my woman.
Break up.
You haven't come to your senses, huh?
I'm your woman?
Your woman?!
Am I your toy?  Huh?
Am I your toy?
Do you want a beating, huh?
Sam Soon! It hurts!
-It hurts!
-It should hurt!
Let go!
Why are you carrying an umbrella
when it's not even raining?
I brought it 'cause I knew this would happen.
Why?
-Let go!  Aren't you going to let go?
-Look me in the eyes.
Don't you have any feelings left for me?
Are you shooting a movie?
Look carefully.
You still love me, right?
Keep dreaming.
Do you think you're Shin Jong Yi?
(actor of controversial Korean sexual movie)
It's not love.
Nor is there any longing.
It's...
Yes.
The guy whom I was with for 3 years.
It's impossible to forget completely.
I feel sad over the time that I wasted
Bitter...
and pitiful.
I don't miss it, and I don't want to go back.
That's all it takes.
It's enough to start over again.
What about Chae Ri?
You're getting engaged tomorrow.
I'm going to do it ... the engagement.
What?
Chae Ri ... is cute and lovable.
And you're comfortable.
So?
You'll marry Chae Ri,
and have an affair with me?
What affair? It's love.
I'm confident we won't be caught.
You're crazy.
Yes, I am crazy.
When I saw you with him the other day,
do you realize how hurt I was?
My blood was boiling!
I wanted to wring his neck off right there and then.
That's when I realized...
That I still love you.
Don't use that word in vein.
It's not love, but arrogance.
Whatever it is...
I only have one thought.
That I want to start again with you.
You do this one more time.
I'll talk to Chae Ri about it.
I won't give up.
I'll make you my girl again...I will!
I was going to let this go quietly,
but you are provoking me.
Fine, we'll see about it tomorrow.
Hello.
Congratulations.
You must have worked hard, putting this together.
-Thank you for your efforts.
-This way, please.
Hey Hairy, it's raining!
It's raining, hurry up.
Over here, hurry up.
Welcome.
Starting now,
Son of Min Jung Gek, Min Hyun Woo,
and daughter of Jang Young Chek Jae Chae Ri's
engagement ceremony will begin.
Please put your hands together to welcome the couple.
Bride and groom to be ... enter!
♫ More words. Words always the same words. ♫
♫ I don't know what to say.♫
♫Nothing but words. ♫
♫The history of our love which I will never stop reading.♫
♫  Some easy words. Some fragile words.  ♫
Wait a moment
Where are you going?
♫ You are yesterday and tomorrow. ♫
♫  It was too wonderful.♫
♫ Forever my only truth. ♫
♫ But the time for dreaming was over.♫
♫The memories were fading. When we forget ... ♫
Ladies and gentlemen. May I have your attention please.
This young man has something to say.
This pretty girl is my girlfriend.
♫ Caramels, Bonbons and chocolates ♫
And we are sharing our first kiss tonight.
♫ You are like the wind which made the violins sing. ♫
♫ Who loves the wind and the roses' perfume.♫
♫  For me, the words softly coated in sweetness ♫
♫ Were placed upon my mouth but never my heart.♫
♫ A word again.♫
What did you just say?
My French isn't that good yet
♫ Words. Words. Words.♫
One cup of coffee, 5 kilo-calories.
Equivalent to 5 minutes of kissing.
What is the total calories of all the
kisses we shared over 3 years?
And the calories of love?
Where did that energy go?
Where to?
Are you okay?
Miss Kim Sam Soon,
I asked if you're okay.
About what?
The cake looks good.
Now, the cake cutting ceremony will start.
We wish the couple happiness as they cut the cake together.
Will the bride and groom to be,
please step forward?
How much is it?
We just got started.
What about the sign board?
Why are you using someone else's daughter's name?
It's been there for 20 years.
We can't take it down just like that.
I should charge licensing fees.
You sold your mill to me, and you're asking fees for the signboard?
That's so funny.
It seems like she's unable to get married
because of this sign.
What excuse is that?
So how was the jalapeno?
Was it spicy enough?
Jalapeno?
Sam Soon bought them last night, two kilograms of it.
Sam Soon...did what?
You didn't make kimchi?
She asked for the spiciest ones.
How is Sam Soon's spiciness?
I warned you not to provoke me.
You deserve it.
Unni ... Unni?
The bride's mom wants to speak with you.
Me? Why?
Your dad made such delicious rice cakes,
you must take after your dad.
I've never had such beautiful and
delicious cake!
You've worked hard.
Here's spending money.
I can't take this, Aunt.
-Take it
-I can't
I used to give it to you when you were little.
-Take it, Unniw.
Sam Soon, you should get married soon too.
Sam Soon, thank you for today.
Thank you Unnie.
The cake was really delicious.
I'm going to reserve our wedding cake.
Is that okay?
All right
I'll buy you lunch next time. Thanks, Unnie!
Sam Soon.
Aren't you wasting your talents here?
It's none of your business.
Shall I open a bakery for you?
You're already acting like a rich, married man?
Was that too much?
Isn't there anything you want?
Do you know car bumpers have expressions, too?
When a new driver wants to get in,
how much the blinkers feel shy.
How the driver is covered in cold sweat.
It's all visible.
A reckless driver has reckless blinkers.
Their bumper reads, "Don't mess with me."
Even metals behave that way. What about people?
Don't ruin the memories.
Be cool,
and leave in style.
So your back looks beautiful.
The engagement party was excellent.
What's a guy who just got engaged doing?
You two aren't compatible, so
I  gave her some advice.
You worry too much.
Cause it concerns Sam Soon.
Use those worries on Chae Ri.
At this rate, you're going to punch me.
Bother her again then I'll punch you.
I thought you were gentle but
you seem pretty tough.
I better run away before I get beat up.
The reasons why we can't meet good guys:
1. Kind men are ugly.
2. Handsome guys are not kind.
3.  Handsome and kind guys are already married.
That's where we stopped.
Number 4.
Handsome, kind, and single guys are poor.
Number 5.
Handsome, kind, single, and rich guys ...
aren't interested in us.
Number 6.
Guys who are handsome, kind, single,
rich, and have interest in us  ...
are players.
Number 7.
Handsome, kind, single, rich,
have interest in us, and aren't players ...
are homosexuals!
Number 8... wait a sec,
I need to go to the washroom.
Ma'am, where's the washroom?
Over there.
What is this?
It sounds awful.
You sound even worse.
Never had piano lessons when you were little?
That's the fate being the third daughter.
Trailing behind my sisters.
Move over.
Watch my hands and follow.
Why aren't you playing?
It's a special bonus in return
for the cake you made today.
Are you playing with your feet?
Have you seen such long toes?
Even hands are ugly.
For 10 years, try kneading the flour,
and touch the ovens, and see if your hands last.
Do better this time.
1,  2,  3...
So that's how you play it.
I'll play the chords, and you do the melody, get it?
Done!
Why did you cry?
Do you still like Min Hyun Woo?
No.
Then why did you cry?
Do I have to answer that?
No... not really
Cause I was upset.
People change.  Hearts change.
And the love changes too.
To think that he everlasting love that I dreamt about
doesn't exist ...
it made me feel upset.
Did you just figure that out?
Like you know everything.
I'm deducting that from your paycheck.
Well ... Unless you share it with me.
Jeez.  You have a weird way of asking for a drink.
There isn't any good liquor left,
only stuff used for cooking.
Basketball...
I started basketball because I didn't want to stay
at home with my grandfather,
once my grandfather passed away,
I didn't want to play anymore.
And what else?
Ah, my name?
Why do I want to call myself, Hee Jin?
I have two elder sisters.
Both of them went to a piano academy.
I could only tag along and watch.
My family is actually not that well-off.
They couldn't afford to
send me for piano lessons.
But one day,
the piano teacher asked me over.
You know the chopstick song ...
She taught that song to me.
It's that song we played a while ago.
She saw me tagging along after my sisters,
she must have felt sorry for me.
Anyway,
that piano teacher's name was, Hee Jin.
Kang Hee Jin.
She wore mini-skirts with boots.
She looked really pretty.
So...
So is that why it's Kim Hee Jin?
Yeah.
And I thought...
Don't laugh.
Because she was my ideal type ... my teacher.
And now number 10!
What will it be?
Handsome, kind, single, rich, is interested in us,
not a player, and not a homosexual.
We approach a guy like that yet
he still doesn't lose interest ...
That person is ...
Has a problem.
There's got to be some problem somewhere!
That is reality.
So how did Sam Soon seduce our Prince Jin Hyun?
That's the question.
Is she younger than me?
Does she have a better figure than me?
Is she prettier than me?
Does she have a better personality than me?
Right will prevail in the end.
You saw that girl, right?
Now, Sam Soon will be in a pitiful position.
I'm not hoping for something too grand.
I can start with an area of about 180 square ft.
I need about 3 to 4 tables.
When people think about the most delicious cake,
Ah, there!
I want to set up a bakery like that.
The cookies that I want to make,
the cakes that I imagine.
I'll make them as I wish.
If they sell well, it'll be great.
If they don't, I'll just eat them all.
At least you won't starve to death.
Bingo!
What's there to life?
We all live like that then die.
You didn't live that long, being 30.
How would you know what life is?
I...
In order to raise money for my
plane ticket to Paris and tuition fees,
there isn't a part time job, I haven't tried.
Do you know why?
I didn't want to live like my dad.
He said life was nothing.
That's what my dad was always saying.
My dad lived like that for 50 years of his life.
As people called him President Kim of the mill.
But there are times...
Once in awhile,
I want a life where I'm noticed.
At least at this restaurant, you are special.
Oh my, is that a compliment?
You're the oldest amongst the female staff.
And the heaviest person.
Why do you ... always ... twist your words?
Why do you keep twisting it?
You're weird, really weird.
It's your turn to answer questions.
About Yoo Hee Jin...
What got you so mad?
I answered all your questions,
but you don't even answer mine.
You're petty.
It's all over.
It's all over, so don't ask any more.
You know this song?
I can't know it?
This song is REALLY old.
Cause it's a REALLY good song.
Do you know who wrote this song?
I have no idea.
Herman Hesse.
Is that right?
Written by Herman Hesse, and music by Seo Yoo Seok.
♫When it's tomorrow, like a child.♫
♫Who forgets already even the people who gave him that.♫
♫My beautiful person.♫
♫You are playing with my heart
as though it were a lovely toy♫
♫with your small hands and♫
♫ My heart is overwhelmed with care. ♫
♫My love is uncaring.♫
♫My person.♫
♫My beautiful person.♫
Sorry, my singing wasn't as good as your playing.
-You sing pretty well.
-Wha...t?
What is it this time? An insult or a compliment?
Compliment.
Then why are you laughing?
You're mocking me, right?
No.
You are mocking me!
No, I'm not.
It's raining and you're laughing,
so it's rain laughing (korean pun).
Why do you keep laughing?
You've got cream on your lips.
Where?
Here?
Oh, you know ...
That...
That Seo Yoo Seok.
He used to be a professional handball player
during his younger days
Okay.
He was on the national team.
And...
Isn't that unique?
Yes.
Shall we leave?
Okay.
Why aren't you closing your eyes today?
Change into clean water and wipe again.
Can't you hold it more tightly?
This is really...
Pour it over here.
You...
I'm going crazy, crazy ...
What is it
Nothing.
But Unnie ...
That...
With the President ...
have you kissed ... him yet?
You saw it?
Saw what?
Nothing.
You did it already!
Go!  Go and clean.
Unnie.  How do you feel when you kiss?
You've never been kissed?
You're totally repressed.
How does it feels like?
It's a bit ... yummy.
It's yummy?
Shall we try it?
It's my turn to clean the office.
I'll do it myself later.
No.
I'll do it.
It's hot.
I heard the temperature is the highest in a century.
It's really hot.
Yeah.
Why ... why are you doing this, Captain Jang?
How is it?
Am I better than Sam Soon?
I'll be waiting for you.
♫ When we kiss  my heart's on fire,  ♫
Don't move!
♫  Burning with a strange desire. ♫
♫ And I know, each time I kiss you ♫
♫  That your heart's on fire, too.  ♫
♫  So, my darling, please surrender. ♫
♫  All your love so warm and tender. ♫
♫ Let me hold you in my arms, dear.  ♫
What about Jeju Island?
Jeju. Jeju is where my mom's from.
The orphanage, I think.
But she was so young, like six or seven,
so she doesn't remember anything.
Yeah?
But I want to go. I want to see it for myself.
To see what it's like?
Then, we should go. When should we go?
Well ... can you go?
Yeah.
Ah, wait.
Wow.
-You like it?
-Yeah. I like this a lot.
This is exactly what she wants.
Really?
-Yeah.
-You like it?
How much do you think this is?
I don't know.
Do you want to go ask?
-Yeah. Can we?
-Yeah
-Okay, let's go.
♫ Oh now I believe in looking ♫
♫ Like my time on earth is cooking  ♫
♫  Whether polka dotted  ♫
♫ Striped or even checked ♫
♫ With some glamour guaranteeing ♫
♫ Every fiber of my being ♫
♫ Is displayed to quite remarkable effect. ♫
♫ From your cradle via trousseau ♫
♫ to your deathbed you're on view so ♫
♫ Never compromise, accept no substitute  ♫
♫ I would rather wear a barrel  ♫
♫ than conservative apparel  ♫
♫ For my dress has always been  ♫
♫ Shake that booty. ♫
♫   Shake it to the left. ♫
♫   Come closer here. ♫
♫   Can you imaging yourself.  ♫
♫  Shake your booty.  ♫
♫ I told you. You know it well.  ♫
♫ Personal training is a waste of money and time.  ♫
♫  Now, sit down beside me.   ♫
♫  You're really cute. That's it. ♫
♫ Shake your booty. ♫
♫  Shake it to the left. ♫
♫ Come a little closer. ♫
♫ Can you imagine yourself.  ♫
♫ Shake your booty. ♫
[Come to my office, Sam Shik]
Did you perhaps put something in the cake?
What?
I'm saying, did you put anything weird
in the cake we ate the other day?
What do you mean, weird?
Things that makes one irrational?
I don't fool around with food, so don't insult my cakes.
It's been over few days.
Why didn't you come to get your bag back?
Then why didn't you return it to me?
I thought you'd come looking for it.
I thought you'd return it to me.
About what happened that day...
I'd like to apologize.
I made a mistake. I'm sorry.
I should be the one apologizing.
Cause I was the one...who did it first.
Regardless whose fault this is, it's fortunate.
Since we share the same thoughts.
Yes.  It really is fortunate.
This won't happen again.
Of course.  It shouldn't happen.
-You can leave now.
-Yes
By any chance, are you starting to like me?
What did you just say?
I asked if you liked me.
Well.  Your illness isn't healed yet?
I'll say it again but,
in our contract, Clause 6.
We'll pretend to date, but we won't date for real.
Never.
I'm curious about something too.
When I came in the next day,
there were not traces of drinking.
Were you the one who cleared it?
Yes.
With what sense?
What?
Didn't you say lost your rationality?
With what sense did you clean up?
And how did you pack my bag?
I did lose it, but there's still 1% left.
Oh, I see.
That's true. It's not like you're on drugs,
to jump on a heavy old maid,
you should at least loose that much.
If you lost all 100%,
you'd have been in real trouble.
Anyway, I'll apologize again. It won't happen again.
No, I gave you the opportunity. It's my mistake.
No, it's my fault for drinking too much.
No.
Knowing you have bad drinking habits,
it's my fault for leaving you to drink too much.
No.
It's my fault for sitting next to a wolf
on a rainy day.
Attracting a wolf on a rainy day... are you a fox?
A fox doesn't go round attracting just any wolf.
The same with wolves.
Telling me to sit next to you so you could teach me
how to play the piano.  Isn't that an act of a wolf?
A woman having drinks alone,
is also an act of a fox.
I thought everyone left!
Next time, don't drink alone.
It looks like,
"Come over and seduce me."
That's what guys think.
There are times when girls want to have a drink alone.
Then go home and drink.
Hey!
At my age, I can't even drink as I wish?!
Should I be informal too?
Get your things ready tomorrow. We're going to Jeju Island.
It's a family thing,
so we have to pretend we're dating.
You can stay at my place you know.
Aren't you uncomfortable?
No.  I'm fine. I'm okay.
I like it here.  I'm meeting lots of wonderful people.
But still... Feel free to come anytime.
I have lots of rooms to spare.
You know I would come
if you had just one room.
But since you have so many,
I'm gonna pass.  Sorry.
I hope she'll like it, but
usually children wear something like this.
What is that in Korean? How do you say?
Saekdong jogori.
[Woman's hanbok top]
Sae ddong?
You've got to pronounce it properly.
Otherwise, it's going to sound like 'bird poop'.
So...saekdong.
Saekdong.
--Jogori.
--Saekdong jogori.
- Good.
- Good?
-Yeah.
I am Korean.
I don't know.  Maybe I should exchange it.
What's your mom's favorite color?
Are you serious?
What?
You think that a color doesn't matter to a woman?
I think that color matters to a woman
that could see the color.
Hee Jin, I've told you like a thousand times
that my mom is blind.
-Maybe two thousand times.
-Ah ...
But you know what?
It doesn't matter because ...
you know, it doesn't change her.
She doesn't remember whether
she was blind when she was born or...
after she was born.
It doesn't ... doesn't matter.
So, what did your mom say when she heard that you were coming to Korea.
She said...
She said, "Henry!"
"I don't want you looking at any of those Korean girls."
Why not?
She said because if they see me they would fall over.
Mesmerized by my gorgeous looks.
- You see?
- I've fallen.
You see the affect I have?
I even do it to myself.
Don't look at me like that.
You know you're gorgeous.
But you know what's really annoying?
Neohantehnum gasumi an dugeungeora.
My heart doesn't race when I'm with you.
Okay, that sounded really bad.
What does that mean?
You know... I just....
I don't feel anything when I'm with you.
That's great.
What?  You knew this all along.
I did not know this all along.
Yes you did.
I'm hungry anyways.  Get me some food to eat.
You're hungry?  I'm hurt.
I know.
You can be in pain after you get me something to eat.
You see this?
No, no, no.  Hurry and get up.
I'm hungry.
Dr Kim, I'm hungry.
Dr. Kim... off duty.
Okay, all I have is toast.
Toast and milk is fine.
No.  All I have is toast.
Toast and milk.
Toast.... and toast.
Bring it!
- What's up man?
- Hey, how you doing?
- Hey bro.  Hello.
- You want some beer?
No, I'm okay.  Thank you.
Is that your girlfriend?
No. No.
That's ... that is just a friend.
Wow, she is really, really gorgeous.
Jeju Seoul Hotel Grand Opening
June 22, 2005
You know what?  I think we should stay here.
At this Seoul Hotel,
our intention is to have just one guest,
creating hundred of guests,
with the service of a 21st century.
Why is this so boring?
Does this even make sense?
It's hard to get a guest to return again.
Frankly, our hotel rates are way too expensive.
For me,
they let me sleep here for free.
But if they want me to pay for all of it,
I'd never come here.
Then would I waste hundreds of dollars,
to sleep for one night?
I said this to someone and they told me.
"It's because Chairman is a scrooge."
"But wouldn't it be okay if I build a hotel
that would be worth hundreds of dollars a night.
I thought that was a great idea.
I think my speech is getting longer ...
The conclusion is, our hotel is a great hotel.
What does everyone think?
Does our hotel look great?
After the party, we're going to rest a bit
and go back on the afternoon flight.
I can't be around watching out for you.
A "motel business?"
-Is this a motel?  It's a hotel.
-What's the difference?
Have you seen such a huge motel?
You sleep at both places.
Motels are for sleeping, but you can dine,
exercise, and hold business meetings in a hotel.
You show off in so many various ways.
Jin Hyun oppa!
We are late.
Why are you here?
I told you last time!
My fiance's company constructed this hotel.
I'm still trying to learn all I can from Dad and you.
Sam Soon untie!
Are you going to act like you don't know me?
Hello.
Preview for Episode 7